{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red147\green7\blue35;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c65098\c9804\c18039;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Portfolio Part 2:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The second portfolio task asks you to work on some data about a Government sports voucher program to encourage kids to participate in organised sport.\'a0 The task is mainly about providing a useful summary of the data but there is also a question about the relationship between the use of sports vouchers and the socio-economic status of the Local Government Area (LGA) they are used in. \cb1 \
\cb3 Download the notebook and data files here:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ilearn.mq.edu.au/pluginfile.php/7327945/mod_page/content/26/Portfolio%202.ipynb?time=1630999750953"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Portfolio2.ipynb}}\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ilearn.mq.edu.au/pluginfile.php/7327945/mod_page/content/26/sportsvouchersclaimed.csv"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul sportsvouchersclaimed.csv}}\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ilearn.mq.edu.au/pluginfile.php/7327945/mod_page/content/26/ABS_SEIFA_LGA.csv"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul ABS_SEIFA_LGA.csv}}\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ilearn.mq.edu.au/pluginfile.php/7327945/mod_page/content/26/round1-redeemed_get_started_vouchers.csv"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul round1-redeemed_get_started_vouchers.csv}}\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Save the notebook file in your main repository directory and the data files in the files sub-directory.\'a0 Once you have the files in place, add them using git and commit them to your repository.\'a0 You can then start working on the task. \cb1 \
\cb3 The challenge in this task is to present some useful information from the data in a readable way.\'a0 There are a large number of sports and LGAs represented here so big lists of these will be hard to read and interpret.\'a0 Plots of all of the data will be hard to read too if you try to label each LGA or sport.\'a0 Think about what useful information can be provided to summarise the data.\'a0 You will probably generate lots of tables and plots as you explore the data but not all of those should be in your final submission. \cb1 \

\f2\b \cb3 ERRATA
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question 3 asks whether some 
\f2\b electorates
\f1\b0  are over or under represented.\'a0 This should read 
\f2\b LGAs.\'a0 The file above has been updated.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\i \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Are any LGAs over/under represented in their use of vouchers?}