{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red147\green7\blue35;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c65098\c9804\c18039;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Portfolio Part 1:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is the first of three small tasks that will make up your portfolio this semester.\'a0 For each one, we'll provide a dataset and some questions; you will work on these questions in a notebook that will become part of your final portfolio.\'a0 We will set a date for you to show your initial work on each problem during a workshop where you'll get some feedback.\'a0 
\f2\b You'll submit the whole portfolio for marking at the end of Week 10.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\cb3 The first problem is based on a set of data on Steve's cycling races; you will compare data from four races recorded on a GPS device. \'a0 This is an exercise in data cleaning, exploration and summarisation. You will select parts of the data, look at summary statistics and generate some plots.\'a0 It is designed to allow you to explore and learn about Data Frames, the use of notebooks and practice generating a presentation around your analysis.\'a0 Remember that what you write about your analysis is as important as the code you use to achieve it. \cb1 \
\cb3 As with the workshop notebooks you'll use Github to manage your portfolio.\'a0 You can get a copy of the initial repository via Github Classroom at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://classroom.github.com/a/ZlpC1xZN"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 this link}}.\'a0 Once you have your repository, check out a local version and start working.\'a0 Remember to commit and push regularly to maintain a record of your work.\'a0 We'll be looking at your commit history as part of the overall assessment.\cb1 \
\cb3 For later portfolio tasks, we'll distribute the files for you to add to your repository.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 Feedback\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 You must show some progress by doing first few questions of your portfolio 1 in your Practical Workshop Week 4. This will form the workshop checkpoint mark for this.\'a0\'a0 You can get feedback on your work during the workshop. Commit your work by Sunday, 22 August, 2020. We will review your portfolio repositories to track your progress on the portfolio 1 task.\'a0}